# Galvenize
Audio/Visual/Captions automated machine learning A.I 
#Machine Learning algorithium that reads the uploaded video content and makes a metadata coda which commincates data written by first time learning Audio levels and #mixing them and remastering the audio Equalize Db levels tone pitch bass and makes a perfect blend with all other videos equlizing all Levels, to -12db to minium -20db #and maxium -10db at most extreme maxium ov3r maxium -8db to stop constant manual lev3ling of audio on hosted video sites, to end anoying overly loud videos on autoplay #starting when the last video was much queiter. 
#built in GPU video quailty and picture fix and inhance with low quailty vidoes,from 360p perhaps to 1080p HD, fixes, glitches / as well as a translator for all languages #to end lack of comments and captions availble.

#pytorch tensorflow> gcc12+ keras> matploit. reading and rendering. And making a tiny express code of 6 or 12, characters. that automatically renders. and adjusts the loading file in HTML5 Javascripting. To after the first time playing loading plays after long wait to create a Galvenzing options loading promt./ option. Once the content html http site data content has been galvenized will save data on AWS online hosted site the full scripts in a data base. Teslas new hosting site GPU stacks maybe. And then loads each other time with the full code fixes. For everyone else/.. with out add-ons. or interferance. so all Galvenzied web sites have perfect audio and Vizual corrections and leveling matching them for online content viewing. with captions.
Jupyter notebook. audio imoports and filters. read the data and fix and adujust everything and write the new levels in a small file that is uploaded for the site. and recieved, And only sites agreeing to use galvenzie will have this option. 
